Updated why_riverpod.mdx (#3028)
rrousselGit/riverpod: website/docs/introduction/why_riverpod.mdx

Riverpod (anagram of [Provider](https://pub.dev/packages/provider)) is a reactive
caching framework for Flutter/Dart.

> Using declarative and reactive programming, Riverpod takes care of a large part of your application's logic by significantly reducing the need for repetitive, boilerplate code. 

Reviewer: I don't want to talk about boilerplate.

Author: That's understood.

Author: Will take that feedback into consideration for the next set of PR. Thank you

> Using declarative and reactive programming, Riverpod takes care of a large part of your application's logic by significantly reducing the need for repetitive, boilerplate code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using declarative and reactive programming, Riverpod takes care of a large part of your application's logic for you. It can perform network-requests with built-in error handling and caching, and automatically re-fetches data when necessary. 
```

> 
> One of its standout features is its ability to seamlessly manage network requests, complete with built-in error handling and efficient caching mechanisms. More than that,
> you don't have to manually intervene in ensuring your application stays up-to-date and responsive to changes in data sources.— it does that for you by intelligently re-fetching data as needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
